gh-114281: Remove incorrect type hints from `asyncio.staggered` (#114282)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-01-19-12-05-22.gh-issue-114281.H5JQe4.rst

> Improve type hints in ``Lib/asyncio/staggered.py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove type hints from ``Lib/asyncio/staggered.py``.
The annotations in the `typeshed <https://github.com/python/typeshed>`__
project should be used instead.
```
